Working with the Commercial Strategy and Data Analytics Director on graze’s data analytics strategy, and discussing approaches and risks with your projects or team Working closely with our technical architect and data engineer to draw up and deliver a roadmap for how our data systems will evolve
Running an effective process to scope, estimate and prioritise projects given the business requirements and our available capacity
Planning out projects with your team, helping them to choose the right solutions and deliver what is expected in our fortnightly sprints
Running regular retrospectives to learn and improve on how we do things. Supporting users of our systems with a responsive support process, and acting as the “front door” to the team for the highest priority issues Leading and developing your team, and supporting their personal development and success at graze Hiring and retaining great data analysts, and creating an environment where they can perform at their best Managing relationships, contracts and data transfer integrations with external partners and data providers Be curious! You can quickly understand and reason about the many systems, data sets and processes we have at graze You have a solid technical and analytical background, which you will use to understand the available options and risks for data projects and systems Bring people together to help them define and solve problems You’re personable and an effective communicator - you’re exceptional at explaining complex ideas in a digestible way for non-technical people You enjoy working with end users to build and deploy quality solutions that are valuable to them and the business Self-motivated and calm under pressure. You like to get issues resolved and projects finished Developing and communicating project plans Running and improving an agile workflow for project delivery Managing project risks and stakeholder expectations Line managing and developing data analysts & data engineers Running processes for hiring, performance and personal development Gain a good understanding of graze’s data analytics and business processes, so that you can confidently lead our Data Strategy& capability Be able to identify areas of improvement and process changes. Have planned capacity and resources to deliver quarterly objectives. Be running processes to scope and build changes to our data systems. Build strong relationships with your team and key people you work with Faithfully and confidently represent your team Quantitative graduate (maths, stats, economics) with a min 3 years’ experience commercial experience in a marketing, media or business planning environment
Client Consulting & Presentation skills with pride in successful Project Delivery Strong Client Presentations Skills, Project Scoping & Proposal Writing
Project management, Team Management & Training Data Analytics expert, strong technical / modelling skills – R, Excel, Econometrics o Data specification: Be able to write a data specification based on the requirements of a specific project. Data Formatting: Format data using Excel or R. Create data frames understand data matrices. Prepare data for analysis. Descriptive Analysis: Undertake descriptive analysis in Excel or R. E.g. histograms, X, Y plots, 
Correlations etc Proficient in the use of Excel. Model building and Testing: Be able to manipulate data in R, write functions, research functions, write bespoke functions. Be able to build linear and non-linear regression models in R. Experience in using econometrics for forecasting.Advance Programming experience Consulting with operational leads and external clients to understand their business issues, utilising a standard set of consulting and Discovery processes Taking ownership a portfolio of analytics projects and clients, taking responsibility for the end-to-end analytics solution from business case to benefits delivery Taking responsibility for the benefit profile of each project, actively managing risk and issues Regularly communicating progress against client, project milestones, benefits and revenue targets Creating meaningful analysis and modelling outputs that can be easily understood by clients and practically implemented to drive uplifts in performance Using a range of structured and unstructured data and tools (including text, speech and digital analytics) as required to meet project objectives Ensuring the use of client/customer and internal data meets our regulatory obligations and is done so within the risk appetite Working with colleagues in Analytics and Customer Solutions to embed the analytics outputs into front-end applications and solutions that can be deployed into client operations Presenting findings from analysis to key internal and external clients as required through each project
Feeding analysis of uplifts into overall governance process, and contributing to post implementation reviews Experience in delivering change through analysis, in a client-facing environment (most likely from a role in internal or external consulting teams) Practical knowledge of statistical analysis techniques such as forecasting, regression, decision trees, and how to apply them in operations Working knowledge of data and analytics tools such as Azure, SQL, R, Python, Power BI to manipulate and visualise data Knowledge of big data market and how to interpret and use unstructured data to drive change, and keep up to speed with developments in the big data and data science industry Ability to lead through others, and experience in managing projects with technical teams Ability to take complex analytics outputs from specialist teams and create simple, compelling outputs to communicate with clients Ability to influence using data and weight of presence to help secure buy in to projects, and overcome issues and barriers to achieve project success
Project management techniques and disciplines evident, including scoping, requirements gathering, active project management, financial modelling / ROI calculations, and benefits management Collecting, manipulating and analysing raw data to uncover accurate & valuable insights Utilise a hypothesis-driven approach to carry out exploratory analyses to extract useful insight and opportunities for clients Assess and translate complex business requirements into a structured analytics use case Utilise non-chargeable time to network, attend training, and develop and implement new analytical approaches (by industry where applicable) Maintaining client relationships; adding towards a positive client service and effective communication at all stages of a project. Interpreting the needs of clients and creating appropriate solutions to meet those needs. Identifying appropriate alternatives to tackle fewer routine tasks and undertake the full range of analytical, modelling, validation, and related activities to solve problems and answer client questions. 
Supporting colleagues in problem-solving to ensure quality of outputs. Ensuring that results make sense; interpretation of results and drawing on relevant experience from other projects to develop and support suitable conclusions. Completing total project management of specific assigned projects. Representing the organisation as appropriate, including at conferences, and producing promotional materials that support company marketing messages. Driving own personal development. Supporting the development of others through training, information sharing and other activities. 
Previous experience (5 years) of managing a data and analytics teams Highly analytical and data driven Ability to communicate complex data and analytical structures in a simple and clear way Outstanding knowledge of data management and analytical techniques Experience in Marketing Automation technology Experience creating a business data vision and demonstrating clear communication of this vision with key stakeholders
Experience with data warehousing/management tools such as AWS/Microsoft SQL server Knowledge of Business Intelligence tools: Power BI or Tableau and Data analytics: Microsoft SQL, AWS, Python
at least 2 years experience of using Power BI
transforming data using Power Query and M
creating data models including multiple tables from relational sources
producing effective data visualisation across reports and dashboard
confidence in analysing data using DAX
publishing, scheduling dataset refresh and distribution of Apps in the Power BI Service
an appreciation of the Microsoft Azure infrastructure for data and analytics
experience of querying/extracting data from relational databases using tools such as SQL or Business Objects
knowledge of UK data protection law and how data should be handled to comply with information governance principles
analyse data for patterns and trends and design visualisations to highlight your findings
use basic statistical principles for data analysis such as correlations, statistical significance and temporal analysis
work with users to understand requirements, current reporting and challenges, and translate these into new analytics solutions
produce documentation and support users during technical handovers
work as part of a project team, providing status updates and delivering to project timescales
Provide career development guidance and mentoring for the team, including performance setting and reviews.
Closely monitor that controls are implemented properly with regards to data tasks.
Mentors and coaches crew with training, tools, and career counselling.
Provides the opportunity for associates to learn new processes and develop skills.
Collaborate with other business areas to enhance data governance and quality.
Lead process improvement initiatives to identify and resolve potential issues and optimise workflows.
Tracks industry trends, new products, and internal changes to communicate relevant information to direct reports and supervisors.
Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.
Bespoke client reporting expertise
Data management expertise
Minimum of 6 years of investment management experience.
At least 3 years of project management or leadership experience preferred.
Bachelors degree.






